hi it's Jason Shadrach with premier
guitar calm and we're at the winter NAMM
show in Anaheim we're here with Nick
from Sookie guitars he's going to show
us a few of his new models he's bringing
to the show so Nick tell us a few tell
us a bit about these oh yes these
guitars are made in United States
basically soon agita was born in Japan
10 years ago and this year is the 10th
anniversary and then I'd like to show
these guitars to the United States
artists you know for from my 35 more
than 35 years experience you know I
describe the
taketo electric guitars for the u.s.
music then this is it you know I used to
work for a lot of the big company and I
built the tons of guitars then finally
this is a this is the guitars for the
artist
and are these guitars available now yes
so tell me about what the price points
are in these guitars oh yes thirty-five
thousand US dollars for the instrument
and we're what website can they go to to
find out more information uh the SUNY
you dogs column alright Nick thank you
so much for talking to us this is Jason
Chadwick with premier guitar calm